all right we're racking our forex batch
meaning there's four cans of Cooper's I
malt extract 1 2 3 4 and then once I
finish that I'm gonna get one of these
bad boys going the brew host premium all
green beer kit American premiums water I
don't usually get these ones I've only
had it once before about twice the
expense of a Cooper's kid but I had
enough points at my current wine supply
shop so this was all free all free baby
so I should have some beautiful plates
then
this is quite the production at all hey
get out of here move it get up get out
of here just okay so i got the vlogger
done so now we're on to the Canadian
blonde as you can see it's a little bit
of a lighter color maybe you can't
because this is a basement the
Lighting's not too good down here but
yeah one down three to go from there
alright so two down we're on our third
one are approaching our second mark
there
23 liters AKA five gallons and then
we'll have this last one field just
enjoying what's left of my other stuff
this is the part I like sitting after
the Sanitation has been done I having a
beer while I watch more of it being put
into a carboy oh yeah alright so that's
what came in right fit package 1 which
is just a pH balances we've got our
classic Cooper's used not in the same
it's 15 grams so that's more than what
you hit me and then of course you've got
some dexter if you need it I'll just
dump it in so it's stronger let's get
this rolling you okay so we added the pH
adjusted
and we just get add to watch is well
let's put some cruel boy
listen in haughton for whatever the 48
leaders
little bit of the way and then we'll
move on it ok so these kits are actually
almost too easy like you just put in a
you seen you dumping some water and you
jump in the bag and then you can stir it
up add the yeast it's too simple you
basically get it done in probably like
10 minutes so it's a lot shorter than
the Cooper's get sure but keep in mind
you're twice as expensive so yeah
they're just throws up take the SG and
then under yeast so that's really nice
free
alright so we got our SG rating it was
one point zero four zero which is the
perfect reading then we just get a dump
on our geese data side
there's a lot more yeast in this one
then normal Cooper's kid that's for sure
we all need a firm and a lot faster let
this one can I she's going to secondary
until home these ones are finished cuz
that's my big batch has just fit up for
different Koufos kiss so it'll have to
wait but easter is coming up so i want
to make sure i got enough beer this
holiday season it was 25 gallons i think
that should be pretty good it's been my
most a week since i made some videos so
here's one I'm going to be doing a cool
one right now with this current batch
but you'll see that in a few days time
at your this one's clothes dating
see you later